docs: add new http options (#20030)
unoplatform/uno: doc/articles/getting-started/wizard/includes/extensions.md

dotnet new unoapp -http
```

You have three levels of HTTP support to choose from:

- **Basic**

> Just wires up `UseHttp()` so you can register your own `HttpClient`‐backed endpoints and get platform-native handlers, cookie clearing, diagnostics, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wires up `UseHttp()` so you can register your own `HttpClient`‐backed endpoints and handlers for native HTTP clients, cookies, diagnostics, etc.
```

```bash
dotnet new unoapp -http basic
```

- **Refit**

 Includes the Refit extension so you can create a strongly-typed REST Client for an API and register it via `.AddRefitClient<TInterface>`.

 ```bash
  dotnet new unoapp -http refit
 ```

 Learn more in the [Refit quick-start](xref:Uno.Extensions.Http.HowToRefit) guide.

- **Kiota**

 Includes the Kiota extension so you can generate a C# client from an OpenAPI/Swagger spec and wire it up with `.AddKiotaClient<TClient>`.

 ```bash
 dotnet new unoapp -http kiota
 ```

> See [How-To: Create and register a Kiota client for an API](xref:Uno.Extensions.Http.HowToKiota) for details.

Reviewer: We should align the wording for both Refit and Kiota lines. So either both "Learn more in the X" or "See X for details
